(docs)Updated meta description (#132)
cohere-ai/cohere-developer-experience: fern/pages/fine-tuning/fine-tuning-with-the-python-sdk.mdx

---
title: Programmatic Fine-tuning
slug: docs/fine-tuning-with-the-python-sdk
hidden: false
description: >-

>   Fine-tune language models via the Web UI, API, or Python SDK using custom

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fine-tune models using the Cohere Python SDK programmatically and monitor the results through the Dashboard Web UI.```

>   datasets to adapt models for specific use cases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
